OIDC private-key-jwt updates (#3256)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/idps/index.md

          "scope": "REQUEST"
        }
      },
      "response": {
        "signature": {
          "algorithm": "HS256",
          "scope": "ANY"
        }

>       }

Author: Deleting these because `response` does not apply to OIDC IdP

###### OIDC request Signature Algorithm object

Signature Algorithm settings for signing authorization requests sent to the IdP:

| Property    | Description                                                                        | DataType             | Nullable | Readonly |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | -------- | -------- |

> | algorithm   | The Signature Algorithm used when signing an authorization request  | `HS256`, `HS384` or `HS512`, <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> `RS256`, `RS384` or `RS512` | FALSE    | FALSE    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| algorithm   | The Signature Algorithm used when signing an authorization request  | `HS256`, `HS384`, or `HS512`. The following algorithms are <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> (self-service): `RS256`, `RS384`, or `RS512`. To use these algorithms, enable **Private Key JWT Client Authentication for OIDC IdP** for your org from the **Settings** > **Features** page in the Admin Console. | FALSE    | FALSE    |
```

| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | -------- | --------- | --------- |
| client_id     | [Unique identifier](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.2) issued by the AS for the Okta IdP instance | String   | FALSE    | FALSE    | 1         | 1024      |
| client_secret | [Client secret issued](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1) by the AS for the Okta IdP instance   | String   | TRUE (Only Nullable for Apple IdP)     | FALSE    | 1         | 1024      |

> | token_endpoint_auth_method | Client authentication methods supported by the token endpoint. Currently `private_key_jwt` is supported  | String   | TRUE     | FALSE    | 1         | 1024      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token_endpoint_auth_method | Client authentication methods supported by the token endpoint. Methods supported: `private_key_jwt`  | String   | TRUE     | FALSE    | 1         | 1024      |
```

    "type": "OIDC",
    "credentials": {
      "client": {

>         "client_id": "{{clientId}}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_id": "{client_id}",
```

>         "client_secret": "{{clientSecret}}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_secret": "{client_secret}"
```

      }
    }
  }
}
```

```json
{
  "protocol": {
    "type": "OIDC",
    "credentials": {
      "client": {

>         "client_id": "{{clientId}}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_id": "{client_id}",
```

        "token_endpoint_auth_method": "private_key_jwt"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> ###### OpenID Connect Signing Credentials object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### OpenID Connect Signing Credentials object
<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />
```

| Property | Description                                                                                                    | DataType | Nullable | Readonly  | Validation                                 |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  | -------- | -------- | --------  | ------------------------------------------ |
| kid      | [IdP Key Credential](#identity-provider-key-credential-object) reference to Okta's X.509 signature certificate. | String   | TRUE    | FALSE     | Valid Signing Key ID reference             |
| alg      |The algorithm used when generating the JWT from the private key for token endpoint authentication.  | `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`   | FALSE    | FALSE     | Valid date type             |

> **Note:** The `kid` parameter is required for an UPDATE request. For a CREATE request, it can be `null`.

```json
{
  "protocol": {
    "type": "OIDC",
    "credentials": {
      "client": {

>         "client_id": "{{clientId}}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_id": "{client_id}",
```

        "token_endpoint_auth_method": "private_key_jwt"
      },
      "signing":{

>         "kid": "{{keyId}}",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "kid": "{keyId}",
```

}
```

```json
{
  "protocol": {
    "type": "OIDC",
    "credentials": {
      "client": {

>         "client_id": "your-client-id",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_id": "{{clientID}}",
```

        "token_endpoint_auth_method": "private_key_jwt"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

###### OpenID Connect Signing Credentials object

> Determines the [IdP Key Credential](#identity-provider-key-credential-object) used to sign requests sent to the IdP. Only needed if `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines the [IdP Key Credential](#identity-provider-key-credential-object) used to sign requests sent to the IdP. This object is used when `token_endpoint_auth_method` is `private_key_jwt`.
```

| Property | Description                                                                                                    | DataType | Nullable | Readonly  | Validation                                 |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  | -------- | -------- | --------  | ------------------------------------------ |
| kid      | [IdP Key Credential](#identity-provider-key-credential-object) reference to Okta's X.509 signature certificate. | String   | TRUE    | FALSE     | Valid Signing Key ID reference             |
| alg      |The algorithm used when generating the JWT from the private key for token endpoint authentication.  | `RS256`, `RS384`, `RS512`   | FALSE    | FALSE     | Valid date type             |

> > **Note:** `kid` is required for a UPDATE request. For an CREATE request, it can be null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `kid` parameter is required for an UPDATE request. For a CREATE request, it can be `null`.
```

```json
{
  "protocol": {
    "type": "OIDC",
    "credentials": {
      "client": {

>         "client_id": "your-client-id",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client_id": "{{clientId}}",
```

Author: I'm using `your-client-id` because that is what we currently have for API docs, https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/idps/#saml-2-0-trust-credentials-object
Should I leave them as is for consistency?

Reviewer: no that really should have been caught in a review. we avoid using references like that and prefer to use variables.

        "token_endpoint_auth_method": "private_key_jwt"
      },
      "signing":{

>         "kid": "your-key-id",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "kid": "{{keyId}}",
```
